So I have this idea for an application. I'm calling it **PublicInbox**.
Basically the idea is that it's e-mail that anybody can read.

Why would you want this?

To be perfectly honest with you, partially it's just to be funny. With all the
scary revelations recently about government surveillance, on top of what I think
for many people is an already hefty dose of skepticism towards the tech
companies we entrust all our personal communication with, there seems to be
quite a lot of demand recently for more privacy, and more security.

Well, I thought it might be refreshing to go in completely the opposite
direction. So instead of an e-mail provider that prides itself on security and
privacy, my goal for PublicInbox is to make it easy for *everyone* to read your
e-mail.

But I haven't answered the *Why?* question. Obviously this won't be appropriate
for everyone, or likely even for *anyone* as a **primary** e-mail address. But
sometimes, rather than hide your personal correspondence from others, it might
be desirable to *share* it.

For example, as a software developer, I often get contacted by users with
questions. If I handle these directly via e-mail, that's great for the person
I'm communicating with; but it doesn't help the potentially large number of
*other* users who would benefit from the same information. On the other hand, if
I write a blog post or something like that instead (as [Jeff Atwood suggests](http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/05/maximizing-the-value-of-your-keystrokes.html)),
and then refer the user to the post I wrote, that feels less personal.

Another use case I thought of is this. You know how sometimes people write "open
letters" to important figures---organizations, executives, politicians, etc.?
PublicInbox could make a lot of sense as a mechanism to do this. Because unlike
a letter published in, say, a magazine, an e-mail sent with PublicInbox would
actually *be* an e-mail directly to the person in question, and---better yet---
if and when that person wrote *back*, their *response* would be public as well.

So I think there's some merit to this idea, even if it never really takes off or
becomes a thing. I, at least, think that I will get some use of it. And anyway,
it will be fun to build!

As far as this blog goes, mainly I want to use it as a place to write about
technical stuff related to the site. Lessons learned from using Rails,
AngularJS (yes, I'm using Angular), Heroku, that sort of thing. I've always
liked when developers share their "this is how I built this" stories. So that's
the idea here.
